Add changelog for removing beta UI, remove beta UI known issues (#85)
nginxinc/nginx-amplify-doc: content/changelog.md

toc: true
---

## Sept 21, 2023

### What's New
 
- {{% icon-feature %}} **Removal of NGINX Amplify Beta User Interface**

>   The NGINX Amplify Beta User Interface has been removed. We’re choosing to go in a different direction. Thank you to everyone who tried out the new UI or provided feedback.

Author: @travisamartin - please feel free to change this. We weren't sure how to balance 
the technical tone of a changelog with seeming authentic in thanking people for giving feedback.

Reviewer: Nice. The thank you at the end adds a touch of gratitude and appreciation for our users, which goes a long way.

I expanded on the reason for the pivot without giving away too much detail. Transparency is good.

Author: Thanks Travis! I agree, we should be as transparent as we can get away with.

>   The NGINX Amplify Beta User Interface has been removed. We’re choosing to go in a different direction. Thank you to everyone who tried out the new UI or provided feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The NGINX Amplify Beta User Interface is no longer available. We're shifting our focus to concentrate on core initiatives. A big thank you to all who tested the interface or shared their thoughts.
```
